SlideGame
SlideGame is a JavaFX-based clone of the popular 2048 game, with an exciting twist: it supports diagonal moves in addition to the standard directions! This project is designed with customizable grid dimensions, allowing you to experience the classic merging tile game with a fresh challenge.
Features
Standard 2048 Game Mechanics: Slide tiles in four primary directions (up, down, left, right) to combine matching tiles.
Diagonal Movements: Move tiles diagonally (up-left, up-right, down-left, down-right) to add a new layer of strategy.
Customizable Grid Size: Default grid size is 4x4, but the grid can be customized by passing dimensions as command-line arguments.
Random Tile Placement: After each move, a new tile is randomly placed on the board.

1) Installation

git clone https://github.com/yourusername/SlideGame.git
cd SlideGame

Compile the Project: Make sure you have JavaFX installed and configured. Compile using:

javac --module-path /path/to/javafx-sdk/lib --add-modules javafx.controls SlideGame.java GameBoard.java

Run the Game: To launch the game with a custom grid size, use the following command:

java --module-path /path/to/javafx-sdk/lib --add-modules javafx.controls SlideGame [rows] [cols] //Replace [rows] and [cols] with your desired grid dimensions. For example, java SlideGame 5 5 creates a 5x5 grid.

Usage
The game starts with one tile on a blank grid. Slide tiles in any direction to merge matching tiles and grow their values. Continue sliding to reach the highest possible tile value!

Game Controls
Click on the following tiles to perform moves:

Top-left corner tile: Diagonal up-left move
Top-right corner tile: Diagonal up-right move
Bottom-left corner tile: Diagonal down-left move
Bottom-right corner tile: Diagonal down-right move
Other edge tiles: Up, down, left, and right moves, depending on their position.
How to Play
Objective: Merge tiles of the same number to create tiles with higher values.

Gameplay:
Each move shifts all non-blank tiles in the chosen direction.
When two adjacent tiles of the same value meet, they merge, creating a tile with twice the value.
A new tile appears randomly after each move.
Winning and Losing:
Try to reach the highest tile value possible. The game continues until no more moves are possible.
